Welcome to the new world.
If we grew up, you'd have gone bankrupt a long time ago.
Now you dare to ask me to kiss you.
You are your husband.
Have you been hooked up by other wild men outside?
What's wrong with Little Seven?
Why was he scolded at first?
Server now you are at the engagement party
Sitting next to you is the native speaker's fiance.
As president of the leading entertainment company in the country
This wipes your face. You're the original brother.
Very fond of the original
The wind and the intention not long after marriage
A conversation with the female owner of this world Shen Shu Yeon
Shen Shu Yeon has a main character system.
The system will remind him who the future boss is.
Let him save them in times of great boss frustration.
So the bosses see him as existing like the white moon
I didn t know that I was also one of Shen Shu Yeon s sidewalls.
Xiaoqing, you are not focused on this.
So why did that old lady just hit me?
Because the original owner in the toilet heard the local voice calling for Shi Yan vaguely.
In a fit of anger, he demanded the goods be returned.
Too dissatisfied
Little Seven back to the plot
I want to go back to the original group.
I heard the red leaves call Shen Shu Ye here
Ok host
Grandfather, don't worry.
Today I will cancel my marriage with the Khuc family.
The host now who calls the public phone is the female owner of the original novel, Shen Shu Yan.
You don't have to worry about people saying you're a lover anymore.
I'll definitely give you a name.